<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE
    html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>Freecell Solver’s Request for Accessible Deployment Computers</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<meta name="author" content="Shlomi Fish" />
</head>
<body>

<p>
The <a href="http://fc-solve.shlomifish.org/">Freecell Solver</a> project,
which develops a free and open-source software framework for solving layouts of
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FreeCell">Freecell</a> (also known
as “FreeCell”), and several similar Solitaire
variants is seeking assistance in the form of a provision of direct or indirect
access to high performance computing (HPC) hardware, namely computers with
large amounts of accessible RAM (128 GB or so or more), large amounts of
hard disk space (about 10 GB - less than RAM - should be enough), and
good reliability.
</p>

<p>
If you can provide us with such resources to further our progress in
researching Patience card games, please
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/me/contact-me/">contact Shlomi Fish</a>.
</p>

<p>
Freecell has been an active source of research and poses interesting problems
in the domain of artificial intelligence. The
<a href="http://www.solitairelaboratory.com/fcfaq.html">Freecell Frequently
Asked Questions (FAQ) list</a> contains a lot of information about Freecell
from the results of Freecell researchers.
</p>

<p>
Generalised Freecell (where the number of cards in a sequence in a deal
is variable beyond Ace-to-King) has been shown to be NP-Complete (
"Malte Helmert, Complexity results for standard benchmark domains in planning,
Artificial Intelligence Journal 143(2):219-262, 2003." ).
</p>

<p>
In order to run the solver on several hard deals (which for limited memory
are intractable), and see if there is a solution or not, we need a large
amount of memory. We have done improvements in the memory consumption
of the solver, but the problem
domain still necessitates a large amount. As a result,
access to computers with a large amount of RAM will be beneficial for our
cause.
</p>

<p>
We have been kindly provided with access to such computers, but the have
proven to be too unreliable for our needs, and caused the invoked processes
to stop prematurely, and as a result, we are seeking some more reliable
machines.
</p>

<p>
By proving whether currently intractable Freecell deals are solvable
or impossible, we can reach better conclusions about the statistics of
solvable or impossible deals. Furthermore,
some of the statistics collected have been generated by non-open-source or
in-house computerised solvers and as such are less dependable than our
open-source solver.
</p>

</body>
</html>
