=head1 NAME

freecell-solver-range-parallel-solve - The Freecell Solver utility for 
solving a range of Microsoft Freecell/Freecell Pro Boards

=head1 SYNOPSIS

freecell-solver-range-parallel-solve I<start> I<end> I<print_step>
B<[--binary-output-to filename]> B<[--total-iterations-limit limit]>
[fc-solve Arguments...]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<freecell-solver-range-parallel-solve> is a command line application
that solves a range of Freecell deals of Microsoft Freecell and Freecell Pro.

I<start> is the first board to solve; I<end> is the last (inclusive) and 
I<print_step> is the division of board numbers in which to print a status
message.

Following this three mandatory parameters are several flags specific to
the range solve. (refer to the B<OPTIONS> section for more information)

Afterwards one can give it a B<fc-solve> command line that it will
use to solve each board. Refer to the B<fc-solve>(6) man page for 
information about its options.

=head1 OPTIONS

B<--total-iterations-limit> sets the maximal number of iterations with
which to try to solve each deal. After that, the program will give up
and report that the board was intractable.

B<--binary-output-to> sets the filename into which to output the number
of iterations it took to solve each board. This file can later be used with
statistical preset optimizers such as those found in the Freecell Solver
CVS repository.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<fc-solve>(6)

=head1 AUTHOR

Shlomi Fish E<lt>shlomif@vipe.technion.ac.ilE<gt>.

=cut
