=head1 NAME

pi-make-microsoft-freecell-board, make_pysol_freecell_board.py -
Programs to generate boards to be used as input to Freecell Solver.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<pi-make-microsoft-freecell-board> I<[-t]> I<board-number>

or for make_pysol_freecell_board.py:

B<make_pysol_freecell_board.py> I<[-t]> I<[-F]> I<[--ms]> I<board-number> [I<game-string>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

These programs are command-line programs that can generate the I<initial> board
of the games of several popular Solitaire implementations. Those boards
can be in turn be input to B<fc-solve> by means of a pipeline, or placed
inside a file for safe-keeping.

B<make_pysol_freecell_board.py> also accepts an optional third argument which
indicates the game variants. This type defaults to Freecell, but is useful for
generating the boards of other games. Note that using this flag still requires
one to use the "--game" flag of B<fc-solve>, if necessary.

B<make_pysol_freecell_board.py> also accepts a flag called I<-F>
or I<--pysolfc> that deals the PySolFC boards instead of the classic PySol
ones, and one called I<--ms> or I<-M> that deals Microsoft Freecell/Freecell
Pro deals even for higher seeds.

A common paradigm for using those programs is something like:

    bash:~$ pi-make-microsoft-freecell-board -t 11982 | fc-solve -l gi

If the "-t" option is specified, then the 10 cards are printed with "T"'s,
instead of "10"'s. While B<fc-solve> can accept either as input, it
may prove useful for other solvers or solitaire implementations which do
not accept "10"'s.

Here is a short description of each program:

B<make_pysol_freecell_board.py>

A Python script that generates the boards of the various games of PySol.

B<pi-make-microsoft-freecell-board>

A program that generates the boards of Microsoft Freecell and of the
Freecell Pro implementation of Freecell.

=head1 OPTIONS

I<board-number> is the board number as a decimal number.

I<game-string> is a string describing the game. Valid strings and their
respective games are:

bakers_game        - Baker's Game

bakers_dozen       - Baker's Dozen

beleaguered_castle - Beleaguered Castle

citadel            - Citadel

cruel              - Cruel

der_katz           - Der Katzenschwantz

die_schlange       - Die Schlange

eight_off          - Eight Off

fan                - Fan

forecell           - Forecell

freecell           - Freecell (the default)

good_measure       - Good Measure

ko_bakers_game     - Kings' Only Baker's Game

relaxed_freecell   - Relaxed Freecell

relaxed_seahaven   - Relaxed Seahaven Towers

seahaven           - Seahaven Towers

simple_simon       - Simple Simon

streets_and_alleys - Streets and Alleys

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<fc-solve> (6)

L<gen-multiple-pysol-layouts> (6)

/usr/share/doc/freecell-solver-FCS_VERSION/board_gen/README

=head1 AUTHOR

Shlomi Fish, L<http://www.shlomifish.org/> .

=cut
